Welcome to Thriller Recapped, Today, I will
show you an Australian, Slasher Horror film
called House of Wax, Spoilers Ahead, watch
out and take care.
Once upon a time when a group of young students
decide to spend a long weekend enjoying a
road trip but unknown to their surroundings
they go to a place for a night and end up
in a place where they shouldn’t be going.
The movie starts in the year 1974, we see
a lady boiling some wax and filling it in
a mold, then we see a man bringing his son
who seems to be very unrest, and then he ties
him to a chair, they tie him in a brutal manner.
In Present day, we see Two girls talking about
finding a place for rent, Carley Jones, and
Paige Edwards, they talk a bit, then
Wade Felton, Boyfriend of Carley, arrives there
he seems to be worried,
Since, they're having some issues in their relationship after the arrest of Carley's brother.
Then we see Paige going to see Blake Johnson,
they both are dating.
In the restaurant we see Nick Jones, visiting
his sister with his friends, they all seem
to be preparing for a road trip to a Football
Game.
Before leaving the group of friends record
Paige and her boyfriend Blake to tease them
a bit.
They divide in two groups.
As they drive, we see Wade Felton boyfriend
of Carley are in the car with 2 Nick and a
friend Dalton Chapman who likes to record
everyone in his camera.
As driving they see a detour on the road,
so they take a different road.
Soon as they try to take over their group,
they see Paige and Blake enjoying a popsicle,
they make fun of them for a bit then, they
decide to pull over for the night, since they’re
tried and see a Wax Museum banner.
Sooner, they stop around an isolated area
and prepare to spend the night there.
Upon arrival, Carley asks Paige if her boyfriend
knows that she is pregnant, she denies, and
Carley says they should talk about it.
Then the group sets up the camp and boys play
football, the ball goes to nick, and he throws
it aggressively to group, it turns out Carley’s
brother does not like his sister’s boyfriend.
It is revealed that Nick tried stealing a
car and Carley didn’t knew about it, so
she didn’t lie to cover him while cops were
looking for him.
Later, Blake sees wind brining very bad smell,
they speculate it’s from Dalton, but soon
they find out that the bad odour is coming
from the woods, and something might be dead
there.
However, they decide to continue partying,
Dalton records it all in his camera, Carley
takes his cam and records him instead and
he changes the clothes.
He then takes the camera and records both
the couples kissing and Nick sitting there
like me.
Sooner, a truck pulls over there and turns
high beam lights on, they ask him to turn
off his lights and Nick throws beer bottle
to the right spot breaking it.
The truck then reverses and decides to leave,
boys encourage him.
Later that night, we see someone sneaking
on them with a camera while they’re sleeping.
Carley wakes up and she senses something and
decides to wake her boyfriend Wade about the
noise outside tent.
She then bravely decides to go outside the
tent, she walks a bit and turns around to
find Wade standing behind her, he says it’s
too late and she should come back in tent.
Next day they sleep till 2:30 in the noon
and get ready to see their Football Game.
The girls are in the woods taking a piss and
they smell the same odour of dead animal;
the boys discover fan belt of Wade’s car
is broken despite fact it being brand new.
The girls decide to find the origin of odour,
and Carley falls into a pit of rotting animal
carcasses with flies all over, and she asks
for help, as she tries to get up, she sees
a human hand coming out of the pit.
Wade and other boys come and rescue her, they
see a truck and think it might be from last
night, but the headlight is not broken.
A man named Lester comes out and throws more
dead animals in the pit, they ask him about
the human hand in there, he goes and plucks
it, and he laughs by saying it’s not real.
Wade ask him for a fanbelt, but it’s 15
miles away.
Nick decides to stay back in car in case someone
tries to destroy it again and the group gets
ready to leave.
As Carley changes dirty clothes, Lester looks
at her in a creepy way.
Later, Wade and Carley are in the truck with
Lester, he seems to be checking out Carley,
Carley says there is very bad smell in the
truck, which Lester replies, you will get
used to it, she says, she can never get used
to it, and he claims that you can get used
to anything if you spend longer time around
it.
He then stops suddenly at a river bend and
asks wade for help in making it out.
Carley says they will go on their own from
there, Lester seems disappointed, but he then
agrees.
The couple makes it to other end Lester looks
at them in a creepy way, and they come across
a small town, and Wade feels bad for being
rude.
Later, back to the woods, the group is stuck
in traffic in Blake’s truck.
Carley and Wade walk in the town for a bit
and go to the gas station, but find it empty,
they get call from Paige that the group is
coming back since there is a lot of traffic
and they’ll camp again tonight.
Carley decides to go to the local church for
help, there they see Bo Sinclair, they wait
outside, and Bo comes out for a smoke, they
talk to him, and he tells them that they interfered
a funeral for a fanbelt and leaves.
He then comes back and says he lost someone
close to him and offers to help after half
an hour near the gas station.
Then they decide to visit Trudy’s House
of Wax, a museum that is made of wax and feature
of the town.
We see someone working on the wax statues,
everything in there is made of wax, even the
floor and walls, they browse for a bit, and
wade sees a dog in there.
Carley flips some wax dolls and finds Vincent
watermark underneath it, then they see Vincent
written on a chair, we can recall that in
earlier scene in the movie a child was forced
to sit on a chair, so it might be his chair.
Carley looks in a mirror and sees someone
starring.
Wade goes to check it out and Carley stays
inside waiting, she walks and goes to the
kitchen and hears footsteps, she turns around
and sees a lady, she runs, to wade outside
and they leave.
In the woods, Blake tells his friends that
he wants to enjoy hormone sandwich so Nick
and Dalton should go and pick up the group
instead and he stays here.
Bo does not show up so Wade decides to enter
gas station and get the fanbelt, they couldn’t
find 15 inch belt so Wade decides to grab
the 16 inch belt and Bo shows up and asks
them if they’re stealing it, wade says he
left the money on the counter but they couldn’t
find the 15 inch belt which he replies I have
one at my home and asks to pass by and get
it.
They walk and Bo tells them how few years
ago everyone used to drive miles to the town
just to see Trudy’s House of Wax, she asks
about who’s Vincent?, he says they are not
living there anymore after the owner Trudy
got a cyst in her brain and she went crazy.
Upon arrival, Wade wants to use washroom,
so Bo and he goes inside, and Carley waits
in the car.
Bo goes upstairs to get the belt, Wade comes
across a jar with animal fetus in it, and
then he sees few masks in the room, Carley
is bored so she comes out of Bo’s truck
and surprisingly she sees the headlight broken,
recalling how a truck showed up to them a
night ago, she presses horn to bring Wade
out, but the light of house turns off.
As Wade knocks, a hand from behind with scissors
makes a cut in his leg, Wade crawls to a room
but is soon he is knocked out by a masked
man.
Carley calls Blake to let them know about
the pickup truck for help but they are busy
in changing hormones.
Bo comes out and she locks herself inside
the truck, she says you’re the guy from
campsite and he breaks glass, she starts the
truck kicks him out, as tries to leave but
it gets stuck and Bo shows up, so she runs
away.
Dalton and Nick are on their way to pick them,
the masked man then brings wade to a surgical
room, and starts doing some weird things on
him, shaving his eyebrows, and making stitches
to the wound.
Carley goes to the town and suddenly the town
is lightens up.
In the house, the masked man puts set of metal
mold on Wade’s face with strings in it and
ties him up, screaming wade cannot move, he
then showers him with boiling wax on his naked
body, making him an alive statue of wax.
Carley runs to church for help, However, soon
she finds everyone inside it made of wax.
Later, Bo enters the church while Carley is
hidden, he catches her from behind and she
runs outside the church, she sees a lady in
a house but soon he abducts her.
Dalton and Nick reaches the river bend and
they decide to walk from there, Bo then strangles
Carley on a chair and then he tapes her to
the chair.
Dalton and Nick arrive to the gas station
but find it empty, they decide to go separate
ways and look in every shop.
Bo decides to use super glue to shut both
lips of Carley, and she can’t speak now,
and then he leaves her in a locked room.
Bo goes out and Nick is waiting there, and
he asks him if he has seen his sister.
Bo denies but Nick seems to speculate since
this is the only gas station in town.
Carley takes her finger outside drain for
help, but Bo distracts Nicks and cuts it,
as nick decides to walk, Carley tears her
lips and screams for help, Bo then attacks
nick, but nick overpowers him.
And locks him outside, then he goes downstairs
to Carley.
As he sets her free.
Dalton is seen entering The House of Wax,
upon going inside, he looks for Wade and Carley,
he looks for a bit and comes he then across
Wade in his Wax coating, he starts taking
wax off which also tears the skin apart, he
is then attack by the mask man, but it cuts
Wade instead, he then chases Dalton and soon
catches up with him and pushes him down the
stairs.
And he then stabs him with knife also cutting
his neck.
Later, in gas station they hear Bo leaving
in the truck, so they come up, they try to
call cops, but line is not working.
Carley speculates that everyone is turned
into wax, she then takes him where she saw
the lady in the house earlier to look for
help.
Nick tries to look through the window, and
a lady moves the curtains, she is a statue
rigged with a mechanism.
In the woods, with loud music Paige starts
getting ready for Hormone Sandwich, the music
shuts off, so he goes out to play the music
and hears a voicemail from Carley about the
guy from the campsite.
Later as Paige falls asleep, the masked man
goes to attack her, she then runs and comes
across Blake stabbed to the ground.
Paige runs in the woods, and she goes and
hides in a sugar mill, there she grabs a box
of dead cellphones, then she grabs a pipe,
as she walks, she is stabbed in the feet,
she runs to a car, and hides in back seat,
soon Masked man approaches the car, she attacks
him with pipe, and runs, he then throws a
metal pipe through her forehead killing her
and then using Dalton’s camera to record
it.
In the town, Carley claims the killer might
be Vincent, brother of Bo.
Nick is raging out and breaks the window to
make noise, and grabs a weapon from a statue,
then Bo shoots at them and they run and enter
a theatre, they see dozens of people sitting
on the chair watching a movie.
Bo catches up to them and starts looking for
them, Carley is pretending to be a statue,
Bo shoots at her she dodges, and Nick shoots
him with X-bow.
As Bo comes out, Nick shoots again, and takes
his gun which is empty now.
Then they leave, Nick makes a plan to get
the cellphone and call Paige and Blake, they
go to his truck and look for cellphone, and
couldn’t find it.
Then nicks makes a plan to rescue their friends.
He then opens the back door of the museum,
and they enter in it.
Sooner Carley finds gun in a cage, having
a lock on it, they look for a key so they
can open it, Carley comes across childhood
pictures of Bo and Vincent.
Soon Bo enters the house injured, so they
hide, Bo painfully takes out the X-bow.
Sooner Vincent arrives with dead bodies of
Paige and Blake.
Bo then walks toward the window to see, Vincent
enters the house, and he tries to help him,
but Bo denies, and leaves while walking he
comes across their picture on the floor and
now, he starts looking for them.
Nick catches up with Carley and she tells
him that Paige and Dalton are dead, they go
downstairs, Nick can’t see anything so starts
pressing the switches to get some lights.
The Twin brothers notice this with creepy
smile.
Nick sooner finds body of Dalton with wax
all over it, he tries to help but it breaks
the neck of it.
Soon, Vincent comes there, and Nick bravely
starts attacking him.
Nick then sees a tank of melted wax; he pulls
the chains pulling it and that causes a fire
in there.
As they leave, they see Wade, and they come
across Bo, they get into a fight, the fire
starts burning down the place, Bo stabs nick
with a knife, Carley takes a baseball bat
and attacks Bo multiple times crushing his
face.
Vincent comes and sees his brother dead.
Vincent then screams in pain from his brother’s
death, and he starts chasing Carley to top
of the floor.
The stairs are melting, and Nick tries to
go up.
Vincent breaks the melting wall, she tries
to distract him with his brother’s death,
Nick makes it up on time, and attacks Vincent
and takes his masks off, Carley takes the
knife and stabs him, Vincent falls through
the floor and land on Bo’s corpse.
They both try to make their way through the
wall, the whole place starts melting down,
but they make it out, before the place burning
to the ground.
The next day, the police and ambulance arrive
there, the sheriff says the town was abandoned
for 10 years and it wasn’t even on the map,
and they came here after tracing the smoke
and fire.
They take them to hospital.
The sheriff gets information that Trudy’s
family didn’t have two sons but three instead,
and we see Lester waving at them with the
dog.
And the movie ends, let me know in the comments
what would you have done.
Please like & subscribe it really helps the
channel.